# DRV_METROLOGY_CALIBRATION Struct

## C

```c
typedef struct {
    DRV_METROLOGY_CALIBRATION_REFS references;
    uint32_t featureCtrl0Backup;
    double freq;                     
    uint32_t numIntegrationPeriods;
    uint64_t dspAccIa;
    uint64_t dspAccIb;
    uint64_t dspAccIc;
    uint64_t dspAccIn;
    uint64_t dspAccUa;
    uint64_t dspAccUb;
    uint64_t dspAccUc;
    uint64_t dspAccUn;
    int64_t  dspAccPa;
    int64_t  dspAccPb;
    int64_t  dspAccPc;
    int64_t  dspAccQa;
    int64_t  dspAccQb;
    int64_t  dspAccQc;
    uint8_t  harmonicOrder;
    bool  running;
    bool  result;
} DRV_METROLOGY_CALIBRATION;
```

## Summary

Specifies all data internally needed for the auto calibration process.

## Description

Field description:

- references. Calibration references. Client must be set the references before starting the calibration process.
- featureCtrl0Backup. Stores a backup value to restore FeatureCtrl0 register after finishing the calibration process.
- freq. Stores the mains frequency passed as parameter in the DRV_METROLOGY_SetConfiguration() routine.
- numIntegrationPeriods. Number of integration periods needed to complete the calibration process. It is set internally to 4.
- dspAccIa. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccIb. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccIc. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccIn. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccUa. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccUb. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccUc. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccUn. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccPa. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccPb. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccPc. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccQa. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccQb. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- dspAccQc. Field internally used to perform the calibration process.
- running. Flag used to check if the calibration process was completed.
- result. Flag used to check if the calibration process has been successful.

## Remarks

None.

