# DRV_METROLOGY_AFE_EVENTS Struct

## C

```c
typedef struct {
    uint32_t paDir : 1;
    uint32_t pbDir : 1;
    uint32_t pcDir : 1;
    uint32_t ptDir : 1;
    uint32_t qaDir : 1;
    uint32_t qbDir : 1;
    uint32_t qcDir : 1;
    uint32_t qtDir : 1;
    uint32_t sagA : 1;
    uint32_t sagB : 1;
    uint32_t sagC : 1;
    uint32_t reserved1 : 1;
    uint32_t swellA : 1;
    uint32_t swellB : 1;
    uint32_t swellC : 1;
    uint32_t reserved2 : 17;
} DRV_METROLOGY_AFE_EVENTS;
```

## Summary

dentifies all events related to metrology library.

## Description

Field description:
- paDir. Identifies the sign of the active power in channel A. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- pbDir. Identifies the sign of the active power in channel B. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- pcDir. Identifies the sign of the active power in channel C. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- ptDir. Identifies the sign of the total active power in all channels. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- qaDir. Identifies the sign of the reactive power in channel A. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- qbDir. Identifies the sign of the reactive power in channel B. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- qcDir. Identifies the sign of the reactive power in channel C. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- qtDir. Identifies the sign of the total reactive power in all channels. "1" means a negative value, "0" is a positive value.
- sagA. Voltage Sag Detected Flag for Channel A. "1" means that voltage sag is detected.
- sagB. Voltage Sag Detected Flag for Channel B. "1" means that voltage sag is detected.
- sagC. Voltage Sag Detected Flag for Channel C. "1" means that voltage sag is detected.
- swellA. Voltage Swell Detected Flag for Channel A. "1" means that voltage Swell is detected.
- swellB. Voltage Swell Detected Flag for Channel B. "1" means that voltage Swell is detected.
- swellC. Voltage Swell Detected Flag for Channel C. "1" means that voltage Swell is detected.

## Remarks

None.

